c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetweork.WepServeses.dll.config
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetweork.WepServeses.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetweork.WepServeses.pdb
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetwork.Data.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetwork.Models.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetwork.Data.pdb
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\SocialNetwork.Models.pdb
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\obj\Debug\SocialNetweork.WepServeses.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\obj\Debug\SocialNetweork.WepServeses.dll
c:\users\nasko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\obj\Debug\SocialNetweork.WepServeses.pdb
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.OData.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\System.Web.OData.xml
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Nasko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SocialNetwork.Models\SocialNetweork.WepServeses\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
